Use stack trace string in error report (#336)
Microsoft/AppCenter-SDK-Unity: CHANGELOG.md

# App Center SDK for Unity Change Log

## Release 2.5.0 (Under development)

### App Center Crashes

#### Android

> * **[Bug fix]** Fixes a security issue with the `Exception` field on `ErrorReport` objects. The `Exception.StackTrace` might look a bit different now, and the `Exception.Message` field will be `null`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[Behavior change]** Fix a security issue with the `Exception` field on `ErrorReport` objects. As a result, the `Exception.StackTrace` now holds the raw stack trace, and the `Exception.Message` field is `null`.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

_

```
